ADR and article on media types and versioning (#161)
trolie/spec: docs/articles/media-types.md

> [Usage Examples](../usage-examples). The article focuses on how the various
> messages required for those use cases are specified in this standard. If you
> are unfamiliar with Web APIs in general or HTTP headers in particular, this
> article is for you.

## Overview
{:.no_toc}

TROLIE specifies an API that makes use of long-standing features of the Web,
including [Conditional GET](./conditional-GET) and the subject of this article:
media types.

> "HTTP uses media types in the Content-Type and Accept  header fields in order
> to provide open and extensible data typing and type negotiation. **Media types
> define both a data format and various processing models**: how to process that
> data in accordance with the message context."
>
> Source [RFC 9110 HTTP Semantics](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9110.html#media.type)
> (emphasis added)

As an OpenAPI specification, TROLIE uses [JSON
Schema](https://swagger.io/docs/specification/data-models/keywords/) to describe
the data formats of [media
types](https://swagger.io/docs/specification/media-types/), so to define
processing models for these media types, TROLIE only needs to describe

> the semantics of the transmitted JSON. For the most part, the [TROLIE OpenAPI
> Specification](../spec) does a decent job of explaining what each of the JSON
> elements mean, but that can be unfamiliar to navigate. This article aims to give

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the semantics of the transmitted JSON. While the [TROLIE OpenAPI
Specification](../spec) explains what each of the JSON elements mean, 
it assumes that the reader understands how to use media types in an
API. This article aims to give
```

Just my reaction as I read this; I don't think it read quite how you intended it to read.

Author: I believe I addressed this feedback https://github.com/trolie/spec/pull/161/files#diff-e217f8b4ad8a310b77585ef760bf29ae57912123ae78b8e802547d0b3a598540R35

| `/limits/realtime-snapshot` | `application/vnd.trolie.realtime-limits-snapshot.v1+json`          | A snapshot of just the real-time limits for the current operating period.|
| `/limits/realtime-snapshot` | `application/vnd.trolie.realtime-limits-detailed-snapshot.v1+json` | Same as above but add details about how the limit were determined, including the ratings proposals that were considered. |

**Note:** the [TROLIE
spec](../spec#tag/Forecasting/operation/getLimitsForecastSnapshot) shows these
media type options in two places for successful responses: the examples sidebar
and the response schema section.

![Example Response](../images/response-schema-highlight1.PNG)
![Response Schema](../images/response-schema-highlight.PNG)

### Data Submittal (Write Requests)

The following media types are used when writing to a TROLIE server. In other
words, one of these media types are required in the `Content-Type` header for
HTTP the `PATCH` and `PUT` requests specified by TROLIE.

For example, here is how you could use `curl` to submit forecasted ratings
assuming the file `forecast.json` was a valid document per the

> `application/vnd.trolie.rating-forecast-proposal.v1+json` schema. TODO: links

Reviewer: Clean out TODO:
